[DOCS] Remove `PrintCompressedOopsMode` JVM option (#73741)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/setup/advanced-configuration.asciidoc

defined as the amount of memory visible to the container, not the total system
memory on the host.

* Set `Xms` and `Xmx` to no more than the threshold for compressed ordinary
object pointers (oops). The exact threshold varies but 26GB is safe on most
systems and can be as large as 30GB on some systems. To verify you are under the

> threshold, check `elasticsearch.logs` for an entry like this:

Reviewer: while we're here, `elasticsearch.logs` isn't anything right?
```suggestion
threshold, check the {es} log for an entry like this:
```

Author: Thanks for catching this. This should have been `elasticsearch.log` originally, which is in `$ES_HOME/logs` for our tar archive distros. I like {es} logs better though.
